have you seen Lisa Taylor today going
somewhere
Einstein pick them up yes unfortunately
9 a.m. Tuesday morning this office has
three reports on you I'm a legend I like
to pretend I'm an actor and make up
characters our mothers are drunk
who cares next time I see that Douglas
kid I'm gonna make her pay for insulting
me can lady Nitro beat the evil invaders
at their own game
the suit looks great wish I had one too
you can only be who you are I get to
class deducted heroes work against
nature with secret missions accomplished
a sunrise
please are too busy to care about you
your car
wrong neighborhood rock star by the way
leave Jackie that was a long who do you
think you are on my way to save the day
and